[Music]
cookie jar 7-eleven and Boo Rider one
two three have a question that we do a
granola bar so that's what we're going
to do and at the same time is going to
cover off those of you who wanted
breakfast for on the gun okay so two in
one is enjoy the NOLA bar so it's based
on an oat and beyond that lots of nuts
and dried fruit and bits and pieces okay
so that's not going to do it very
helpful I kind of have a plain sugar but
I'm quite have a face like a tin of
condensed milk yeah that you can just
open that one to that you're going to
use the buying everything together and
we've got two hundred and fifty grams of
Toya jokes here and to that we're going
to add 350 grams of bits and at this
point you can put whatever bits in
you're like okay keep it dried fruit and
or nuts but you can use pumpkin seeds as
well work really well or sunflower seeds
you can put those enjoyed mainly with a
pretty much our thirties but in these
they work really really well so we've
got our almonds our cranberries and
sultanas really Swedish yeah it's what
it's all it's just triggers in the milk
but been reduced down to these security
consistency so that's fine if I pop that
in there and start mixing all of it all
with it and this is how easy this recipe
is the whole team fight a good prisoner
going on and go don't forget to scoop
your on top I mean I felt like really
its before you do that I'll take it down
don't we good
no needle end then let's scoop all that
out meanwhile these pecans I think the
pecans were a little bit big so I'm just
going to cut in half so it's very much
picking mixes you think like a flapjack
which uses mainly porridge oats
syrup this even easier to condensed milk
takes all that hassle out of it and
there's so many more bits in this and
there would be in a flapjack and that's
as well and the final bit is a small
knob of butter and reach on through
there yep melted that's going to go in
there it's about 40 grams okay just
enough to help bind all together now at
this stage you can bake it off in it you
can tell you've got key make sure you've
got something
bottom because it is stuff you know
somebody come to the other day you can't
stop eating as well that you of all
people you nibble on everything there we
go so that's going to go into there that
really good already I tell you what it's
not far off the cereal mix really a good
sort of usual amenities of that video
don't apologize to point directly
explained to rule so they're not quite
so good they're not a problem but
they're not quite as good as when once
you bake them all cookie mouthing meal
okay so let's go grab nice black clean
spoons
push down get it into all the corners
and then bears straight into our oven
have a look 175 degrees for 30 minutes
and it should be nice and golden on the
edges but it will still look pale almost
uncooked on top it's not like a flapjack
it won't go golden but it's still
absolute perfect now after half an hour
in the oven they're going to come out
let them cool in the tin tip out cut up
into monster slices because it's so
cheap so much cheaper than ones you buy
in the shop remember we want that golden
epic color around the edges feel quite
pale on top so for cookie dough 7-eleven
and blue liner one two three that's
pretty much it
absolutely it's our ultimate for no bars
sorted beautiful sweet chewy crunchy
right one but not put it love it hmm oh
my god
[Music]